You are poor, you are crazy
If you can't live, you will 2 million
Then I don't want to be private anymore.
Then we're public
Sister Wang, lend me your phone.
I called the police.
Hey, hey, hey.
No no no no no sorry no sorry no sorry
Do you have the right to talk to Brother Yiqiu?
Little brother 2 million right?
You wait, I'll have someone bring it to you right away
Hey dog uh that
Send me 2 million
By this point of summer food factory sales
Stop talking nonsense and let you send it.
Brother Qiu, please click it.
It's okay, don't click
It's free money anyway
Knowing death, Mo Ruofu
I still believe in you.
It's alright, I'll go first.
Audience friends
The picture just taken
Enough to sit down
Summer Foods is a company with integrity
Responsible enterprise
But there are also
like
The two scammers just now exist.
What should we do?
It's not your fault that I'm not on TV
sub-idea
I want to not only lose money
And was charged with a fraud, director brother
Thank you for sending money again this time.
To help our company earn a reputation
Thank you very much.